# assignment5
The main activity of the interview is asking the participant who is the female customer from a coffee shop the advantages and disadvantages of the app of Findsisterhood. The app has many advantages including supporting the users that users can feel very comfortable in sharing anything, and it is like a safe place for women to talk, share, and comfort one another. However, there are some design challenges including the contrast of the color on the app and also user can click the “like” on the app as much as the user wants. Once the “likes” of their posts are more than other users, their posts will be on the top of the page of the app. In addition, the app is anonymous, so some users are not impolite, unhelpful, and degrading. Those users do not know how to share their advice in constructive and polite manner to other users who use the app to share their deep and intimate thoughts. The participant observation of my interview is that my participant sits very stiffly on a chair next to another desk. She picks up a book and let the pages flutter through her fingers very quickly without really looking at any of the pages. She then set the book down, look at her watch, tug at her skirt, and pick up the book again. This time she does not look at the magazine. She set it back down, take out her phone, andstart texting. She would watch the receptionist out of the corner of her eye, and then look back down at the book, and back up at the two or three other people waiting in the shop. Her eyes moved from the people to the book to the phone to the people to the book in rapid succession. She avoids eye contact with anyone in the shop. When her name was finally called by the server in the coffee shop, she jumps up like she is startled. After she comes back, I asks her if she can do the interview. In the beginning of the interview, she is very enjoyable, but the participant has limited time because of her phone-call meeting.  
    After I finish conducting the interview, I realize that the interview is different from what I expect. Since the participant feels shy and does not feel comfortable to be asked many questions about the app, so each answer of all of the questions was the short answer. In addition, I think planning and preparing for the interview is very helpful because it can start once the interview has clearly proven itself the best method for researching a topic. Because of that, I have learned that once I have the participant on the same page about interviewing with me, I can start developing the research through the interview easily and specifying the main questions to answer in connection with the topic.
